1.Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2?

HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources behind it.
HTTP/2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource.

2.Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript?

 objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key: value” pairs.
 In JavaScript, objects have an internal property known as Prototype . You can also see that there is a Scopes inside of these double brackets as well once clicking inside an object. Whenever there are [[]] that appear, it's an internal property that can't be accessed by our code.

3.codekata practice-objects in javascript:
 
  let car {
  color = "green"
  model = "honda"
  year = 2022
  }
  console.log(car);

4.Read about IP address, port, HTTP methods, MAC address:

  IP address:
     An IP address is a unique address that identifies a device on the internet or a local network. IP stands for "Internet Protocol," which is the set of rules governing the format of data sent via the internet or local network.

  port:
    A port in computer hardware is a jack or socket that peripheral hardware plugs into. A port in computer software is when a piece of software has been translated or converted to run on different hardware or operating system (OS) than it was originally designed for.

 HTTP methods:
    The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is designed to enable communications between clients and servers. HTTP works as a request-response protocol between a client and server. Example: A client (browser) sends an HTTP request to the server; then the server returns a response to the client.

 MAC address:
    A MAC address (media access control address) is a 12-digit hexadecimal number assigned to each device connected to the network. Primarily specified as a unique identifier during device manufacturing, the MAC address is often found on a device's network interface card (NIC).


 